Add an optional size parameter for `path()` to resolve issue 3376 (#3401)
bpftrace/bpftrace: man/adoc/bpftrace.adoc

| Override return value
| Sync

> | <<functions-path, `path(struct path *path, [int32 size])`>>

Reviewer: I'm probably gonna fix these but just to make it consistent:

```suggestion
| <<functions-path, `path(struct path *path [, int32 size])`>>
```

=== path

.variants
* `char * path(struct path * path, [int32 size])`

*Kernel* 5.10

*Helper* `bpf_d_path`

Return full path referenced by struct path pointer in argument. If `size` is set,

> the path will be clamped by `size`. The maximum of `size` is limited to `BPFTRACE_MAX_STRLENy`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
the path will be clamped by `size`. The maximum of `size` is limited to `BPFTRACE_MAX_STRLEN`.
```

> the path will be clamped by `size`. The maximum of `size` is limited to `BPFTRACE_MAX_STRLEN`.

Reviewer: Nit

```suggestion
the path will be clamped by `size` otherwise `BPFTRACE_MAX_STRLEN` is used.
```
